Are you aware of what you make me feel, baby
Right now I feel invisible to you, like I'm not real
Didn't you feel me lock my arms around you
Why'd you turn away?
Here's what I have to say I was left to cry there,
Waiting outside there grinning with a lost stare
Am I just some chick you place beside you to take somebody's place
When you turn around can you recognize my face you used to love me,
You used to hug me
But that wasn't the case
Everything wasn't ok I was left to cry there
Waiting outside there grinning with a lost stare
Open your eyes, open up wide
When I was scared I was so alone, why should I care?
Cuz you weren't there when I was scared I was so alone
If you don't care then I don't care we’re not going anywhere
Why should I care cuz you weren't there when I was scared I was so alone
Why should I care If you don't care then I don't care were not going anywhere
Chill out, what you yelling for?
Lay back, it's all been done before
And if you could only let it be, you will see
I like you the way you are
When we're driving in your car
And you're talking to me one on one
But you've become...
You come over unannounced
Dressed up like you're something else
Where you are ain't where it's at
You see you're making me laugh out
When you strike your pose
Take off all your preppy clothes
You know you're not fooling anyone
When you've become...
He was a boy, she was a girl.
Can I make it anymore obvious?
He was a punk, she did ballet.
What more can I say?
He wanted her, she'd never tell.
Secretly she wanted him as well.
All of her friends stuck up their nose.
They had a problem with his baggy clothes.
Five years from now, she sits at home feeding the baby.
She's all alone.
She turns on TV and guess who she sees?
Skater boy rocking up MTV.
She calls up her friends, they already know.
And they've all got tickets to see his show.
She tags along, stands in the crowd,
Looks up at the man that she turned down.
Sorry, girl, but you missed out.
Well, tough luck, that boy's mine now.
We are more than just good friends.
This is how the story ends.
Too bad that you couldn't see...
See the man that boy could be.
There is more than meets the eye,
I see the soul that is inside.
He's just a boy, and I'm just a girl.
Can I make it anymore obvious?
We are in love.
Haven't you heard how we rock each other's world?
I'm standing on a bridge
I'm waiting in the dark
I thought that you'd be here by now
There's nothing but the rain
No footsteps on the ground
I'm listening but there's no sound
Isn't anyone trying to find me?
Won't somebody come take me home?
I'm looking for a place
I'm searching for a face
Is anybody here I know
'Cause nothing's going right
And everything's a mess
And no one likes to be alone
Oh why is everything so confusing
Maybe I'm just out of my mind
Yeah-he-yaa, yeah-he-yah, yeah-he-yah, yeah-he-yah, yeah!
Went back home again
This sucks gotta pack up and leave again
Say goodbye to all my friends
Can't say when I'll be there again
It's time now to turn around
Turn my back on EVERYTHING, everything....
Start back at this life
Stretch myself back into the vibe
I'm waking up to say I've tried
Instead of waking up to another TV GUIDE
It's time now to turn around
Turn and walk on this crazy ground oh oh oh....
Hanging from the ceiling life's a mobile spinning round
With mixed feelings crazy & wild ...
Sometimes I wanna SCREAM OUT LOUD ....
I tried to belong, it didn't seem wrong
My head aches, its been so long
I'll write this song
If that's what it take
All that I did was walk over
Start off by shaking your hands
That's how it went
I had a smile on my face and I sat up straight
Hey yeah yeah, hey yeah yeah, and I know I'm not ready,
Hey yeah yeah, hey yeah yeah, maybe tomorrow
Sometimes I get so weird I even freak myself out
I laugh myself to sleep, it's my lullaby
Sometimes I drive so fast, just to feel the danger
I wanna scream, it makes me feel alive
Somebody rip my heart out and leave me here to bleed
Somebody save my life, I’d rather be anything but ordinary please
To walk within the lines would make my life so boring
I want to know that I have been to the extreme
So knock me off my feet, come on now give it to me
Anything to make me feel alive
Let down your defences, use no common sense
If you look you will see that this world is a beautiful
Accident turbulent succulent opulent permanent, no way
I wanna taste it, don't wanna waste it away
Sometimes I get so weird I even freak myself out
I laugh my self to sleep, it's my lullaby
I’m tugging at my hair, I’m pulling at my clothes
I’m trying to keep my cool, I know it shows
I’m staring at my feet
My cheeks are turning red
I’m searching for the words inside my head
What’s wrong with my tongue, these words keep slipping away
I stutter, I stumble like I’ve got nothing to say
Please tell me what is taking place,
Cause I can't seem to find a trace,
Guess it must've got erased somehow,
Probably cause I always forget,
Everytime someone tells me their name,
It's always gotta be the same.
Never wore cover-up and always beat the boys up,
Grew up in a 5000 population town,
Made my money by cutting grass,
Got fired by fried chicken ass,
All in a small town, Napanee.
Can't help if I space in a daze,
My eyes tune out the other way,
I may switch off and go in a daydream,
In this head my thoughts are deep,
But sometimes I can't even speak,
Would someone be and not pretend? I'm off again in my World.
I never spend less than an hour washing my hair in the shower,
It always takes 5 hours to make it straight so I'll braid it in a zillion braids,
Though it may take all friggen day, there's nothin' else better to do anyway.
When you're all alone in the lands of forever, lay under the milky way,
On and on it's getting too late out,
I'm not in love this time this night.
Take a look at me and you'll see I'm for real
I feel what only I can feel
And if that don't appeal to you
Let me know, and I'll go ‘cuz I flow
Better when my colors show
That's the way it has to be
'Cuz creativity could never bloom in my room
I'd throw it all away before I lie
So don't call me with a compromise, hang up the phone
I've got a backbone stronger than yours
You think you know me like yourself
But I fear that you're only telling me what I wanna hear
But do you give a damn that I can't not be what I am
I'm not the milk and cheerios in your spoon
Its not a simple hearing but not so soon
I might've fallen for that when I was fourteen and a little more green
But its amazing what a couple of years can mean
Its the first time I ever felt this lonely
I wish someone could cure this pain
Its funny when you think its gonna work out
Til you chose weed over me, you're so lame
I thought you were cool until the point
But up until the point you didn't call me
I finally figured out you’re all the same
Always coming up with some kind of story
I thought you'd come around when I ignored you
So I thought you'd have the decency to change
But babe, I guess you didn't take that warning
'Cause I'm not about to look at your face again
Everytime I try to make you smile you're always feeling sorry for yourself
Everytime I try to make you laugh
You're too tough, you think you're loveless
Is that too much that I'm asking for?
Can't you see that you lie to yourself
You can't see the world through a mirror
It wont be too late when the smoke clears
I wake up in the morning, put on my face
The one that's gonna get me through another day
Doesn't really matter how I feel inside
'Cause life is like a game sometimes
But then you came around me and the walls just disappeared
Nothing to surround me and keep me from my fears
I'm unprotected, see how I've opened up
Oh, you've made me trust
I'm trying to remember why I was afraid
To be myself and let the covers fall away
I guess I never had someone like you to help me, to help me fit in my skin
I cannot find a way to describe it
It's there inside; all I do is hide
I wish that it would just go away
I feel like I am all alone
All by myself I need to get around this
My words are cold, I don't want them to hurt you
If I show you, I don't think you'd understand
You held my hand and walked me home
When you gave me that kiss it was something like this it made me go ooh ohh
You wiped my tears, got rid of all my fears, why did you have to go?
Guess it wasn't enough to take up some of my love
Guys are so hard to trust
Did I not tell you that I'm not like that girl?
The one who gives it all away, yeah
Don't think that your charm and the fact that your arm is now around my neck
Will get you in my pants I'll have to kick your ass and make you never forget
I'm gonna ask you to stop, thought I liked you a lot, but I'm really upset
Get out of my head get off of my bed yeah thats what I said
Did I not tell you that I'm not like that girl, the one who, throws it all away
This guilt trip that you put me on won't, mess me up I've done no wrong
Any thoughts of you and me have gone away
There's not much going on today.
I'm really bored, it's getting late.
What happened to my Saturday?
Monday's coming, the day I hate.
This is when I start to bite my nails.
I’ll clean my room when all else fails.
I think it's time for me to bail.
This point of view is getting stale.
I am small and the world is big
All around me is fast moving
Surrounded by so many things
But suddenly, suddenly
I'm young, and I am free
But I get tired, and I get weak
I get lost, and I can't sleep
What's wrong, what's wrong now?
Too many, too many problems.
Don't know where she belongs, where she belongs.
She wants to go home, but nobody's home.
It's where she lies, broken inside.
With no place to go, no place to go to dry her eyes.
Well I couldn't tell you why she felt that way,
She felt it everyday, and I couldn't help her,
I just watched her make the same mistakes again.
Open your eyes and look outside, find the reasons why.
You've been rejected, and now you can't find what you left behind.
Be strong, be strong now.
Too many, too many problems.
Don't know where she belongs, where she belongs.
She wants to go home, but nobody's home.
It's where she lies, broken inside.
With no place to go, no place to go to dry her eyes.
I think there's something more, life's worth living for
Who knows what could happen.
Do what you do, just keep on laughing
One thing's true, there's always a brand new day
I'm gonna live today like it's my last day
Do what you do, just keep on laughing
One thing's true, there's always a brand new day
Every now and then we all want something
Even if there's no way of getting it
If i stomp my feet could that make me
Be the way around it, could I get myself around it
Don't wanna always have to be so nice
Don't wanna hear you say well thats just life
I dry out when I open my mouth
I make my way around it, I always make my way around it
You say that I'm messin' with your head
All 'cause I was making out with your friend
Love hurts whether it's right or wrong
I can't stop, 'cause I'm having too much fun
You're on your knees, beggin' please "stay with me"
But honestly, I just need to be a little crazy
All I want is to mess around, and I don't really care about
If you love me, if you hate me
You can't save me, baby, baby
All my life I've been good but now whoa "What the hell?"
I always needed time on my own
I never thought I'd need you there when I cry
And the days feel like years when I'm alone
I am in the bed where you lie
Is made up on your side
When you walk away I count the steps that you take
Do you see how much I need you right now?
We were made for each other
I know we were, yeah, yeah
All I ever wanted was for you to know
Everything I do, I give my heart and soul
I can hardly breathe, I need to feel you here with me, yeah
I don't care if I'm a misfit
I like it better than the hipster bullshit
When it's you and me
We don't need no one to tell us who to be
We'll keep turning up the radio
Just put up a middle finger to the sky
Let 'em know that we're still rock 'n roll
Singing Radiohead at the top of our lungs
With the boom box blaring as we're falling in love
Got a bottle of whatever, but it's getting us drunk
Singing here's to never growing up
Call up all our friends, go hard this weekend
For no damn reason, I don't think we'll ever change
Meet you at the spot, half past ten o'clock
We don't ever stop, and we're never gonna change
We'll be running down the street, yelling "Kiss my ass!"
I'm like yeah whatever, we're still living like that
When the sun's going down, we'll be raising our cups
Singing, here's to never growing up
We don't need no one to tell us who to be
We'll keep turning up the radio
Just put up a middle finger to the sky
Let 'em know that we're still rock 'n roll
He was working at the record shop
I would kiss him in the parking lot
Tasting like cigarettes and soda pop
He would tell me I was beautiful
Sneaking in the neighbor's swimming pool
Yeah, he taught me how to break the rules
Stealing beers out of the trailer park
Flicking lighters just to fight the dark
My favourite place was sitting in his car
We laid a blanket on the roof top
That time I knew I wouldn't make him stop
The nights were cold but we kept 'em hot
Everyone is waiting on the bell
A couple seconds, we'll be raisin' hell.
The sun is shinin' down, school is finally out.
Nothin' matters, so we might as well.
Come and party, do it while we're young.
Move your body, when you hear the drum.
Throwin' empty bottles in the fire
Whiskey's got us singin' like a choir
We're all gonna run, when the police come.
But in the moment we are so alive.
Love that once hung on the wall
Used to mean something, but now it means nothing
The echoes are gone in the hall
But I still remember, the pain of December
I'm sorry if this hurts you,
But I tried to keep what we had once
I was wrong, it wasn't keeping me awake.
You didn't listen, you didn't listen.
You didn't hear me, you didn't hear me
When I said I want more I got no more.
You weren't stealing me away, oh.
All the memory's that we're losing,
All the time that I spent with you everyday
I think is running down the drain.
I'm feeling (feeling) that we're fading.
Don't make this as hard as you think it would be,
It's a lot easier than it seems, yeah.
I can feel we're falling down slowly, slowly.
I can see us starting to drown, can't stop it now.
I can see we're burning out so show me, show me.
How you gonna turn it around? Because...
And I just wanted you to know that I don't wanna look back
Cause I know that we have
Something the past could never change.
I'm stuck in the moment
And my heart is open
Tell me that you feel the same
I like the way you misbehave
When we get wasted, when I am complicated
But that's not why I love you
How do you keep your cool?
These feelings are running out the door
I can feel it falling down
I'm not coming back around
These feelings I can't take no more
This emptiness in the bottom drawer
It's getting harder to pretend
And I'm not coming back around again
I didn't give a damn what you say to me
I don't really care what you think of me
Cause either way you're gonna think what you believe
There's nothing you could say that would hurt me
I'm better off without you anyway
I thought it would be hard but I'm OK
I don't need you if you're gonna be that way
Because with me, it's all or nothing
I will drink as much limoncello as I can
And I'll do again and again
I don't really care what you have to say
Cause you know, you know you're nothing
Got up on the wrong side of life today, yeah
Crash the car and I'm gonna be really late
My phone doesn't work cus it's out of range
Looks like it's just one of those kind of days
You can't kick me down I'm already on the ground
No you can't, but you couldn't catch me anyhow
Blue skies, but the sun isn't coming out, no
Today is like I'm under a heavy cloud
I just wanna scream and lose control
Throw my hands up and let it go
Forget about everything and run away, yeah
I just wanna fall and lose myself
Laughing so hard it hurts like hell
Forget about everything and run away, yeah
So-so's how I'm doing, if you're wondering
I'm in a fight with the world but I'm winning
Stay there, come closer it's at your own risk
Yeah you know how it is life can be a bitch
I hate it when a guy doesn't get the door
Even though I told him yesterday and the day before
I hate it when a guy doesn't get the tab
I have to pull my money out and that looks bad
Where are the hopes, where are the dreams
My Cinderella story scene
When do you think they'll finally see
I hate it when a guy doesn't understand
Why a certain time of month I don't wanna hold his hand
I hate it when they go out, and we stay in
They come home smelling like their ex girlfriends
Today was the worst day, I went through hell
I wish I could remove it from my mind
Two months away from you but I couldn't tell
I thought that everything was gonna be just fine
The postcard that you wrote with a stupid little note
Something wasn't quite right about it
It smelt like cheap perfume and it didn't smell like you
There is no way you can get around it
My friends tried to tell me all along
That you weren't the right one for me
My friends tried to tell me to be strong
I bet you didn't think that I would see
I wanna lock you up in my closet when no one's around
I wanna put your hand in my pocket because you're allowed
I wanna drive you into the corner and kiss you without a sound
I wanna stay this way forever I'll say it loud
I can make you feel all better, just take it in
I can show you all the places you've never been
I can make you say everything that you've never said
I will let you do anything again and again
Waking up I see that everything is OK
The first time in my life and now it's so great
Slowing down I look around and I am so amazed
I think about the little things that make life great
I found a place so safe, not a single tear
The first time in my life and now it's so clear
Feel calm, I belong, I'm so happy here
It's so strong and now I let myself be sincere
It's a state of bliss, you think you're dreaming
It's the happiness inside that you're feeling
It's so beautiful it makes you wanna cry
It's a state of bliss, you think you're dreaming
It's the happiness inside that you're feeling
It's so beautiful it makes you wanna cry
I'm the one, I'm the one who knows the dance
I'm the one, I'm the one who's got the prance
I'm the one, I'm the one who wears the pants
I'm the one who tells you what to do
You're the one, you're the one if I let you
I don't care what you're saying
I don't care what you're thinking
I don't care about anything
Get ready, motherfucker, 'cause I'm happening
Get ready motherfucker cause I'm on the scene
I know your kind of girl
You only care about one thing
Who you've seen, or where you've been
I see that look in your eyes, it tells a million lies
But deep inside, I know why you're talking to him
I know what you're all about, I really hope he figures it out
You know it's a game, you know it's a game
She keeps playing around with your head, playing around with your head
She's so insane, so insane
She's the one to blame, she's the one to blame
When you're around I don't know what to do
I do not think that I can wait
To go over and to talk to you
I do not know what I should say
And I walk out in silence
That's when I start to realize
What you bring to my life
Damn this guy can make me cry
They all say that you're no good for me
But I'm too close to turn around
I'll show them they don't know anything
I think I've got you figured out
So I walk out in silence
That's when I start to realize
What you bring to my life
Damn this guy can make me smile
You're not alone, together we stand
I'll be by your side, you know I'll take your hand
When it gets cold and it feels like the end
There's no place to go
You know I won't give in
There’s nothing I could say to you
Nothing I could ever do to make you see
What you mean to me
All the pain, the tears I cried
Still you never said goodbye and now I know how far you’d go
I know I let you down but it's not like that now
This time I’ll never let you go
I thought that I had everything I didn’t know what life could bring
But now I see honestly you're the one thing I got right
The only one I let inside
Now I can breathe 'cause you're here with me
And if I let you down I’ll turn it all around
Cause I would never let you go
Cause with out you I can’t sleep
I’m not gonna ever ever let you leave
Without you I don’t know what I’d do
I could never ever live a day with out you
Here with me do you see you're all I need
It seeing too much of you lately
And you're starting to get on my nerves
This is exactly what happened last time
And it's not what we deserve
It's a waste of my time lately
And I'm running out of words
It's really great to be with you
This is how I could spend my life
But I'm capable of taking care of myself
So if you fuck this up then go take a hike
It's a waste of my time shaking
I'm not going out to search
And I remember all those crazy things you said
You left them running through my head
You're always there, you're everywhere
But right now I wish you were here.
All those crazy things we did
Didn't think about it, just went with it
You're always there, you're everywhere
But right now I wish you were here
You know that I'm a crazy bitch
I do what I want when I feel like it
All I wanna do is lose control
But you don't really give a shit
You go with it, go with it, go with it.
'Cause you're fucking crazy rock'n'roll
Last night I blacked out I think
What did you, what did you put in my drink?
I remember making out and then, oh, oh
I woke up with a new tattoo
Your name was on me and my name was on you
I would do it all over again
Don't know, don't know if I can do this on my own
Why do you have to leave me?
It seems I'm losing something deep inside of me
It feels like nothing really matters anymore
When you're gone, I can't breathe
And I know you never meant to make me feel this way
This can't be happening
So many questions, so much on my mind
So many answers I can't find
I wish I could turn back the time
Goodbye, goodbye, goodbye my love
I can't hide, can't hide, can't hide what has come
Trippin' out
Spinnin' around
I'm underground
I fell down
Yeah, I fell down
I'm freakin' out
So where am I now?
Upside down
And I can't stop it now
It can't stop me now
I'll play the game
But I can't stay
I've got my head on straight
And I'm not gonna change
I'm not gonna change
I'll win the race
Keep up with the pace
Today's the day
That I start to pray
You can't get in my way
I don't give a damn 'bout my reputation
You're living in the past it's a new generation
A girl can do what she wants to do and that's
An' I don't give a damn 'bout my bad reputation
An' I don't give a damn 'bout my reputation
Never said I wanted to improve my station
An' I'm only doin' good
When I'm havin' fun
An' I don't have to please no one
An' I don't give a damn
Please wrap your drunken arms around me
I'll let you call me yours tonight
'Cause slightly broken's just what I need
And if you give me what I want
Then I'll give you what you like
Please tell me I'm your one and only
Or lie, and say at least tonight
I've got a brand new cure for lonely
And if you give me what I want
Then I'll give you what you like
Emotions aren't that hard to borrow
When love's the word you've never learned
In a room of empty bottles
If you don't give me what I want
Then you'll get what you deserve
I'll give you one last chance to hold me
If you give me one last cigarette
By now it's early in the morning
Now that I gave you what you want
All I want is to forget
Just lay your head in daddy’s lap, you’re a bad girl
I'll let you walk all over me, me
You know that I’m a little tease, tease
But I wanna play there please, please
You know you know you know I’m crazy
I just wanna be your baby
You can fuck me, you can play me
You can love and you can hate me
Miss me, miss me, now you wanna kiss me
You know I want a little taste, taste
So let me take you all the way, way
You know you’ll never be the same, same
You won’t forget the rest of your life
So come on over to the wild side
Buckle up and, baby, hold on tight
Miss me, miss me, now you wanna kiss me
We both know that you love me 'cause I'm so bad!
Mom's not home tonight
So we can roll around, have a pillow fight
Like a major rager OMFG
Let's all slumber part
Like a fat kid on a pack of Smarties
Someone chuck a cupcake at me
It's time for spin the bottle
Not gonna talk about it tomorrow
Keep it just between you and me
Let's play truth or dare now
We can roll around in our underwear how
Every silly kitty should be
Wake up, got a secret
Pinky swear that you're gonna keep it
I've got something you need to see
Let's be friends forever
I wanna do everything with you together
Come and play with Kitty and me
First glance, you nearly made my jaw drop
First dance, and you were looking so hot
Held hands, I moved in for a lip-lock
Don't stop baby, don't stop baby
A first taste like honey, you were so yum
Can't wait for a second 'cause it's so fun
Third base and headed for a home run
Don't stop baby, don't stop baby now
My place, you showed up with flowers
Your face, could stare at it for hours
Can't wait to see your superpowers
Don't stop baby, don't stop baby
Your car, I'm sitting right beside you
Rock star at everything that you do
My heart is ready for the next move
Don't stop baby, don't stop baby now
Boy, you get me so high, buzzin' like a beehive
It's just a little kiss, but when It hits my lips
I'm sippin' on sunshine
Boy you're looking so fly, hotter than July
I just wanna stay
Forever and today
Sippin' on sunshine
Down at the beach, you holding my hand
Got an umbrella stuck in the sand
Watching the waves crash into the shore
Baby, I want some more
You were perfect
I was unpredictable
It was more than worth it
But not too sensible
Young and foolish, that seemed to be the way
I was stupid to think that I could stay
I was champagne
You were Jameson
Every bad thing
We did was so much fun
I've seen your best side
You got to see my worst
It’s not the first time
But this one really hurts
Oh, oh, yeah, this one’s gonna… it hurts
I woke up and saw the sun today
You came by without a warning
You put a smile on my face
I want that for every morning
It doesn't matter what we do
You make everything seem brighter
I never knew I needed you
Like a sad song needs a sea of lighters
I didn't mean to kiss you
You didn't mean to fall in love
I never meant to hurt you
I never meant for it to mean this much
I wanted to keep you
Forever next to me
You know that I still do
All I wanted was to believe
Never made it as a wise man
I couldn't cut it as a poor man stealing
Tired of living like a blind man
I'm sick of sight without a sense of feeling
It's not like you to say sorry
I was waiting on a different story
This time I'm mistaken
For handing you a heart worth breaking
And I've been wrong, I've been down
Into the bottom of every bottle
These five words in my head
Scream, "Are we having fun yet?"
"Are we having fun yet?"
It's not like you didn't know that
I said I loved you and I swear I still do
It must have been so bad
'Cause living with me must have damn near killed you
It's not like you to say sorry
I was waiting on a different story
This time I'm mistaken
For handing you a heart worth breaking
And I've been wrong, I've been down
Into the bottom of every bottle
These five words in my head
Scream, "Are we having fun yet?"
How was I supposed to know
That something wasn't right here?
I shouldn't have let you go
And now you're out of sight, yeah
My loneliness is killing me
I must confess, I still believe
When I'm not with you I lose my mind
The reason I breathe is you
Boy, you got me blinded
There's nothing that I wouldn't do
It's not the way I planned it
Baby, I'm so into you
You got that something. What can I do?
Baby, you spin me around
The earth is movin' but I can't feel the ground
Every time you look at me
My heart is jumpin', it's easy to see
Lovin' you means so much more
More than anything I ever felt before
Baby, thinkin' of you keeps me up all night
You tell me you're in love with me
Like you can't take your pretty eyes away from me
It's not that I don't want to stay
But every time you come too close I move away
I wanna believe in everything that you say
'Cause it sounds so good
But if you really want me, move slow
There's things about me you just have to know
I don't wanna be so shy
Every time that I'm alone I wonder why
Hope that you will wait for me
You'll see that you're the only one for me
I wanna believe in everything that you say
'Cause it sounds so good
But if you really want me move slow
There's things about me you just have to know
Just hang around and you'll see
There's nowhere I'd rather be
If you love me, trust in me
The way that I trust in you
Like a great boy, all my other women are insoles
So here we come, throwing here
Throwing here all on the scene
We have a plan, we have a definite plan to level the vibes
We'll flex tonight until they break down the door
Do it like we never have before
So me what'cha got, just take a pop shot
And we will never stop shu-bop, shu-bop
I'm sitting here alone up in my room
I'm thinking about the times that we've been through
I'm looking at a picture in my hand
Trying my best to understand
I really want to know what we did wrong
With a love that felt so strong
If only you were here tonight
I know that we could make it right
I know I've been a fool since you've been gone
I'd better give it up and carry on
Oh, my love
'Cause living in a dream of you and me
Is not the way my life should be
I don't want to cry a tear for you
So forgive me if I do
If only you were here tonight
I know that we could make it right
"Never look back," we said
How was I to know I'd miss you so?
Loneliness up ahead, emptiness behind
From the bottom of my broken heart
There's just a thing or two I'd like you to know
You were my first love, you were my true love
From the first kisses to the very last rose
From the bottom of my broken heart
Even though time may find me somebody new
You were my real love, I never knew love
You don't have to say what's on your mind
'Cause I know where you've been
Give it up and leave it all behind
And then let me begin
Won't you let me make it up to you
Now you know where I am
There ain't nothin that I wouldn't do
Just to love once again
Time may take us apart, but I will still love you, I promise
When the stars, stars are falling, I'll keep calling
I promise that you'll be my one my only everything, I'll never be untrue
I promise back that for your love I will do anything
Even through longest of our nights
And even through the darkest days
You are my summer breeze my winter sun, my springtime soul, my autumn touch of gold
You are my sky my rain a way which my love flows cuz you're all
The smile of my heart and the breathe of my soul
But I will always be there for you
Your in my heart and you'll be in my dreams
No matter how many miles between
I promise you that I won't forget
The day we kissed or the day we met
The sky may fall and the stars may too
But I will still, I will still love you
Time will take us apart that's true
Friends say, I'm away
Because I'm down with you every day
I'm missing out on the fun and games
But you smile and the words they tell me quickly disappear
You speak and there is no other voice that I can hear
It's been hours seems like days, since you went away,
And all I do is check the screen to see if you're ok.
You don't answer when I phone, guess you wanna be left alone.
So I'm sending my heart, my soul, and this is what I'll say:
I'm sorry, oh so sorry, can't you give me one more chance to make it all up to you.
E-mail my heart and say our love will never die
And that I know you're out there and I know that you still care.
Email me back and say our love will stay alive.
Forever, Email my heart.
I can see you in my mind, coming on the line
And opening this letter that I've sent a hundred times.
Here's a picture of us two, I look so good on you
and can't you please forgive me for the hurt I put you through.
I think I did it again
I made you believe we're more than just friends
It might seem like a crush
But it doesn't mean that I'm serious
'Cause to lose all my senses
That is just so typically me
You see my problem is this: I'm dreaming away
Wishing that heroes—they truly exist
I cry watching the days
Can't you see I'm a fool in so many ways
That I ever thought that I could be, baby
I used to go with the flow
Didn’t really care ‘bout me
You might think that I can’t take it, but you’re wrong
Here I go, on my own
I don’t need nobody, better off alone
Here I go, on my own now
I don’t need nobody, not anybody
Here I go, alright, here I go
No more cheat n' lie
No more tears to dry
You and I, we're like so "bye-bye"
Finally I am over you
Totally unblue
I can hear myself saying
I am better off without you
Stronger than ever and I
I'm tellin' you now
I can't get no satisfaction
And I try, and I try, and I try, and I try
I can't get no, I can't get no satisfaction
When I'm drivin' in my car
And that man comes on the radio
He's tellin' me more and more
About some useless information
Supposed to fire my imagination
I can't get no, oh no no no
Hey hey hey, this what I say
When I'm watchin' my TV
And that girl comes on to tell me
How tight my skirts should be
Well she can't tell me who to be
Cause I've got my own identity.
My friends say you're so into me
And that you need me desperately
They say you say we're so complete
But I need to hear it straight from you
If you want me to believe it's true
I've been waiting for so long it hurts
I wanna hear you say the words, please
Your body language says so much
Yeah, I feel it in the way you touch
But til' you say the words it's not enough
C'mon and tell me you're in love, please
Early morning, she wakes up
Knock, knock, knock on the door
It's time for makeup, perfect smile
This is a story about a girl named Lucky
Lost in an image, in a dream
But there's no one there to wake her up
And the world is spinning, and she keeps on winning
But tell me what happens when it stops?
Isn't she lucky, this Hollywood girl?
She is so lucky, but why does she cry?
If there's nothing missing in her life
Why do tears come at night?
You used to say that I was special
Everything was right
But now you think I'm wearing too much make-up
That my dress is too tight
You got no reasons to be jealous
I've never been untrue
So does it really matter if they're looking
I'm only looking at you
You should never try to change me
I can be nobody else
And I like the way I am
I know you watch me when I'm dancing
When I party with my friends
I can feel your eyes on my back, baby
I can't have no chains around me, baby can't you see
I could be anything you dream of, but I gotta feel free
You should never try to change me
I can be nobody else
And I like the way I am
You should never try to change me
I can be nobody else
Believe me, you'll be looking for trouble if you hurt me
I can promise you, you'll be looking for trouble
Believe me, yeah yeah yeah yeah
I'm dreaming of one kiss from you
A love long and true
I don't wanna hear that I'm too young
To know it's love that makes me feel this way
'Cause I don't have to feel the heat of the sun
To know it's shining on me every day
When it's warm outside
And the look in your eyes
Is longing to show me the way
I don't wanna hear my time will come
When it feels like it's already here
We should learn to walk before we run
But why go anywhere when you're so near
'Cause when I reach out to you
So sad and confused
And feeling like I could cry
Your face is everywhere
I'm reaching out to you
To find that you're not there
I wake up every night
To see the state I'm in
It's like an endless fight
I never seem to win
I can't go on as long as I believe
Can't let go when I keep wondering
I can hear your voice
The ring of yesterday
It seems so close to me
But yet so far away
I should let it out
To save what's left of me
And close the doors of doubt
Revive my dignity
I'm just a girl with a crush on you
Don't care about money
It doesn't give me half the thrill
To the thought of you, honey
So tell me that you want me still
If only I could trade the fancy cars
For a chance today, it's incomparable
I might be sitting with the movie stars
Everybody say that I have it all
I have been through changes, yeah
But I'm still the girl you used to know
It's made me no different
So tell me why you had to go
Oh baby, I will trade the fancy cars
For a chance today, it's incomparable
I might be sitting with the movie stars
Everybody say that I just have it all
I love to hear you say that you love me
I love the way with just one whisper
And when you say those words it's the sweetest thing I've ever heard
I love all the ways that you show me
And the way your kisses, they always convince me
Your feelings run so deep
I love the things you say
I love the love your touch conveys
And the words that say take my breath away
No song ever sounded so sweet
I love every word that they say to me
Dear diary, today I saw a boy
And I wondered if he noticed me
He took my breath away
I can't get him off my mind
'Cause I've never felt this way
No one in this world knows me better than you do
So diary I'll confide in you
He smiled and I thought my heart could fly
Diary, do you think that we'll be more than friends?
I've got a feeling we'll be so much more than friends
There's a girl in the mirror
I wonder who she is
Sometimes I think I know her
Sometimes I really wish I did
There's a story in her eyes
Lullabies and goodbyes
When she's looking back at me
I can tell her heart is broken easily
If I could I would tell her
Not to be afraid
The pain that she's feeling
The sense of loneliness will fade
So dry your tears and rest assured
Love will find you like before
When she's looking back at me
I know nothing really works that easily
I was the game he would play
He brought the clouds to my day
Then like a ray of light
You came my way one night
Just one look and I knew
You would make everything clear
Make all the clouds disappear
Put all your fears to rest
Who do I love the best
Don't you know
Just one look and I knew
You would make everything clear
Make all the clouds disappear
You're better than all the rest
I know I may be young, but I've got feelings too.
And I need to do what I feel like doing.
All you people look at me like I'm a little girl.
Well did you ever think it be okay for me to step into this world.
Always saying little girl don't step into the club.
Well I'm just tryin' to find out why cause dancing's what I love.
I know I may come off quiet, I may come off shy.
But I feel like talking, feel like dancing when I see this guy.
What's practical is logical.
What the hell, who cares?
All I know is I'm so happy when you're dancing there.
I'm a slave for you. I cannot hold it
I cannot control it.
I'm a slave for you. I won't deny it
I'm not trying to hide it.
Say hello to the girl that I am!
You're gonna have to see through my perspective
I need to make mistakes just to learn who I am
I don't wanna be so damn protected
There must be another way
Cause I believe in taking chances
But who am I to say
What a girl is to do
God, I need some answers
I tell 'em what I like
But every time I do I stand corrected
Things that I've been told
I can't believe what I hear about the world, I realize
I'm overprotected
I used to think
I had the answers to everything,
But now I know
Life doesn't always go my way, yeah...
Feels like I'm caught in the middle
That's when I realize
I'm not a girl,
There is no need to protect me.
It's time that I
Learn to face up to this on my own.
I've seen so much more than you know now,
So don't tell me to shut my eyes.
For whatever reason,
I feel like I've been wanting you all my life
You don't understand
I'm so glad we're at the same place
At the same time, it's over now
I spotted you dancing
You made all the girls stare
What would it take for you to just leave with me?
Not tryin to sound conceited
Took the boy off the dance floor
Screaming in his ear
With a sexy attitude
But the way your boy's movin' it
I saw him dancing there
By the record machine
I knew he must have
Been about seventeen
The beat was going strong
Playing my favorite song
I could tell it wouldn't be long
Till he was with me
Yeah, with me
It wouldn't be long till he was with me
He smiled, so I got up
And asked for his name
"But that don't matter," he said
"Cause it's all the same."
I said, "Can I take you home
Where we can be alone?"
And next we were moving on
And he was with me, yeah, with me
And we were moving on and singin' that same old song
I said, "Can I take you home where we can be alone?"
And next we were moving on
And we were movin on
I used to be your girlfriend and I know I did it well
Oh yes you know its true
You'd call me Cinderella
All you had to do was yell
And I'd be there for you
So try to forgive me
I don't believe in fairy tales
Here we are with nothing but honesty
I've had enough so I'm not gonna stay
I'm sorry for running away like this
And I'm sorry I've already made my wish
Oh, But Cinderella’s got to go
From time to time I'd try to tell just what was on my mind.
You'd tell me not today.
Come back, do that.
Wheres, Cinderella at...
Was all you had to say
Here I am, so try to forgive me
I don't believe in fairy tales
here we are with nothing but honesty
I’ve had..enough…I’m not gonna stay
Think that I might back down but I won't
Think that I might have doubts but I don't
No insecurities, won't you just let me, let me be?
Think that you know me now but you don't
Think that I can't stand on my own
It ain't my philosophy
Won't you just let me, let me be?
Trust in my instincts
Trust that I know what's right
These are the reasons
That keep you up at night
Tell me "Go slow"
This is my flow
'Cause you don't know
Know what I know
All things fall in to place
My heart, it feels so safe
You are my melody
That's where you take me
With you I get so high
Lost in the crystal sky
You are this melody
That's where you take me
I..am here to testify
That you're the only one I belong to
I don't know where to start
It turned into an art...not
To show the world that it was you
You made me realize, not to compromise
The fact that you and I should meet
Bombastic love, so fantastic where I'm
Completely yours and you are mine
And its gonna be exactly like..in a movie
When we fall in love for the first time
Now I know why, I feel so insecure
I never understood what its good for
I gotta make sure the darkness won't stop me again
I can't sit and wait any more
Walk a mile in my shoes
Do me right or I'm through
Can't you see that you can’t stay around
Take your time or you lose
This is my game, my rules
And I can see, obviously,
Baby, you don't know what it's like to be me
Don't you get it twisted boy
I want you too, but you got my heart to win
And this deceives you baby
I'm not the average lady
I need someone to love
Walk a mile in my shoes
Do me right or I'm through
Can't you see that if you wanna stay around
You’ve got to figure me out
Take your time or you lose
This is my game, my rules
And I can see, obviously,
Laying here in your arms
And you hold me tight, tight
Tryin' not to watch the clock
Tick, Tickin' as the time goes by
And I know that you best be on your way
But I'm wishin' I could make you stay
Stay with me for a while
Kinda hard for me to let you know
Still don't let my feelings show
How much I will miss in you
All the little things that make me weak
Your eyes and the way you speak
You got that thing that I can't deny
So move it over here, oh yeah
You're giving signs that I recognize
Say what you want, oh yeah
Baby, there's something about you
Show me, that nothing can hold you down
'Cause I, I must confess, I'm feeling you right now
So baby take a chance, and show your confidence
Oh baby; tell me who you are
You make my body scream
That you're what I'm waiting for
Don't you be intimidated
Just be a man, show me where you stand
Positivity, oh yeah, ohh
I don't come off shy if you want me babe
And if my ego shows, oh no don't give up too fast
Baby, there's something about you
Show me, that nothing can hold you down
'Cause I, I must confess, I'm feeling you right now
It doesn't matter boo
As long as you're digging me
Yes, it's true, at first you gotta make the move
For me to see, what I want with you
I feel like I've been locked up tight
For a century of lonely nights
Waiting for someone to release me
You're lickin' your lips
And blowing kisses my way
But that don't mean I'm gonna give it away
Baby, baby, baby
Ooohhh, my body's sayin' let's go
Ooohhh, but my heart is sayin' no
If you wanna be with me
I can make your wish come true
You gotta make a big impression
Gotta like what you do
The music's fading and the lights down low
Just one more dance and then we're good to go
Hormones racing at the speed of light
But that don't mean it's gotta be tonight
I wanna thank you for giving me time to breathe
Like a rock you waited so patiently
I’ve got it together
While I figured it out, yeah yeah
I only looked but I never touched
'Cause in my heart was a picture of us
Holdin' hands, makin' plans
It's lucky for me you understand
here was a time I was blind, I was so confused
Run away just to hide it all from you.
But baby, you knew me better than I knew myself
They say if you love something let it go
If it comes back it's yours, that's how you know
It's for keeps, yeah, it's for sure
And you're ready and willing to give me more
What a girl wants, what a girl needs
Somebody sensitive, courageous,
Sexy, cool, like you.
What a girl wants, what a girl needs, oh yeah.
When I'm lost in the rain,
In your eyes I know I'll find the light to light my way
And when I'm scared,
And losing ground,
When my world is going crazy,
You can turn it all around.
And when I'm down, you're there - pushing me to the top
You're always there,
Giving me all you've got.
For a shield from the storm,
For a friend, for a love to keep me safe and warm I turn to you.
For the strength to be strong,
For the will to carry on
For everything you do,
For everything that's true I turn to you.
When I lose the will to win,
I just reach for you and I can reach the sky again.
It's either black or white, that's right
We're makin' love or in a fight
Sometimes you make me so blue
But then it feels so good, I knew it would
You know the way to make me crazy
I want to give it to you
You make me feel so emotional
I can't let go I'm so emotional
I'm sinking deep into an ocean full of you
You take me high or low, you know
I'm never sure which way you're gonna go
You're such a mystery to me
But baby hot or cold, you got a hold of my imagination
I think you know what I mean
You make me feel so emotional
I can't let go I'm so emotional
I'm sinking deep into an ocean full of you
Rain is falling down on me
Suddenly the sun comes out
Sometimes north or south of love
All my friends are gonna come gonna party all night long
I know, you know, I just want us to go
The fun we'll have fun you'll never be alone
So boy, won't you come?
We will party till the dawn.
You've got all I'm looking for
You've got personality
I know, you know, I'm gonna give more
But boy you know, I never felt this way before
So, boy won't you come? won't you come
And open the door? listen to me.
Who is that girl I see
Staring straight back at me?
Why is my reflection
Someone I don't know?
Must I pretend that I'm
Someone else for all time?
When will my reflection show
Who I am inside?
Why must we all conceal
What we think, how we feel?
Must there be a secret me
I'm forced to hide?
Hey there boy did ya happen to know
Wherever you go I'll follow
Ooh babe you're like a cool breeze
On a summer day
When you're near me
I don't know what to do
I feel like a fool
Like a school girl
True blue girl
Who wants to know
Can you come out and play
You make me feel the way
A woman is supposed to feel
Let me show you
Show you that my love's for real
I'll be the rain in your summer
The chill in your fall
I'll be watcha want
Anything at all
I've got a love for all seasons
A love for all time
I'll be the fire in your winter
The sun in your spring
I'll do what you want
Give ya everything
I've got a love for all seasons
A love for all time
I'll be there for you
Keepin you warm
Through the storm
I'll guide you
Stand by you until the stars
Fall from the sky
When you call me
I never hesitate
Makin you wait for my love
Never lie love
It's something that I just can't deny
I'll read your each and every feeling
When you need me to
So now I gotta let you know
This love's for you
Watchin lovers walking
Hand in hand they pass me by
Wish I was one of them
Wish I had somebody
Wakin' up beside me
Looking into my eyes at night
I want a love to call my own
I want someone that I can hold
Want someone wanting me
Wanna feel how it feels to be
Spending all of my time
Spending all my time on me
Where is that someone who
I can give my time to
Searching for that lover
With the love that will change my life
I want two arms to hold me close
I want the thing I need the most
Somebody needing me
So I can feel how it feels to be
I don't know about the travel of time
And I've never seen most of the world
I don't know
Diving out of the sky
Or living like the diamonds of pearls
See I haven't danced to a musical tune
And I haven't noticed the flowers in bloom
I haven't smiled
When alone in my room very much
Then we touched
I don't know if a doll can unwind
How to make a person go
I don't know how to be what you like
And simply open up the depth of my soul
A particular noun very much
I won't notice or pay you no mind
Boy I couldn't care less
What you do with your time
Your fingertips on my hips
Just move me like one of a kind
When I think, how life used to be;
Always walking in my shadows.
Then I look, at what you've given me;
I feel like dancing on my tip-toes.
Blessed for everything you've given me;
Blessed for all the tenderness you show;
Do my best with every breath that's in me;
Blessed to make sure you never go.
There are times, that I test your faith,
'til you think you might surrender.
Baby I'm, I'm not ashamed to say,
that my hopes were always slender
Deep inside of me you fill me with your gentle touch
No one ever said that
Love was gonna be easy
Gotta take the ups and downs
The in-betweens
If you take this journey
Gotta give yourself completely
Never let nobody ever step on our dreams
Somebody tried to tell me love
Don't last forever
Said it only happens in your wildest dreams
After all is said and done
We're still here together
Never listen to the lies and jealousy
Can you hear it in my voice
Was it something I let slip
Does the whole world know
Isn't it obvious?
I'm the one who's in control
Now i'm acting like a fool
Do my feelings show?
My face is aglow
That I don't know what I'm doing anymore
I’m feeling like a little girl
Caught up in emotions
I'm out of control
Do you see my hands, they tremble
Wonder why I can't look you in the eyes
Don't know how long
I can keep this inside
Suddenly these emotions are in control of my heart
Can you see it in my eyes
Every glance, every smile
Must give me away
And I feel so much I can't hide
Waited a long time for this, feels right now
Allow me to introduce myself,
Want you to come a little closer.
I'd like you to get to know me a little better
Meet the real me.
So what am I not supposed to have an opinion
Should I be quiet just because I'm a woman
Call me a bitch cos I speak what's on my mind
Guess it's easier for you to swallow if I sat and smiled
When a female fires back
Suddenly big talker don't know how to act
So he does what any little boy would do
Making up a few false rumors or two
That for sure is not a man to me
Slanderin' names for popularity
It's sad you only get your fame through controversy
But now it's time for me to come and give you more to say
This is for my girls all around the world
Who've come across a man who don't respect your worth
Thinking all women should be seen, not heard
So what do we do girls?
Shout out loud!
Letting them know we're gonna stand our ground
Lift your hands high and wave them proud
Take a deep breath and say it loud
Never can, never will, can't hold us down
So what am I not supposed to say what I'm saying
Are you offended by the message I'm bringing
Call me whatever cos your words don't mean a thing
Guess you ain't even a man enough to handle what I sing
If you look back in history
It's a common double standard of society
The guy gets all the glory the more he can score
While the girl can do the same and yet you call her a whore
I don't understand why it's okay
The guy can get away with it & the girl gets named
All my ladies come together and make a change
Start a new beginning for us everybody sing
This is for my girls all around the world
Who've come across a man who don't respect your worth
Thinking all women should be seen, not heard
What do we do girls?
Shout Out Loud!
Letting them know we're gonna stand our ground
Lift your hands high and wave 'em proud
Take a deep breath and say it loud
Never can, never will, can't hold us down
Check it - Here's something I just can't understand
If the guy have three girls then he's the man
He can either give us some head, sex a roar
If the girl do the same, then she's a whore
But the table's about to turn
I'll bet my fame on it
Cats take my ideas and put their name on it
It's alright though, you can't hold me down
I got to keep on movin'
To all my girls with a man who be tryin to mack
Do it right back to him and let that be that
You need to let him know that his game is whack
And Lil' Kim and Christina Aguilera got your back
What do you do, when you know something's bad for you, but you just can't let it go?
I was naive, your love was like candy
Artificially sweet, I was deceived by the wrapping,
Got caught in your web and I learned how to bleed
I was prey in your bed and devoured completely
And it hurts my soul, cause I can't let go all these walls are caving in
I can't stop my suffering
I hate to show that I've lost control cause I,
I keep goin’ right back to the one thing that I need to walk away from
I should have known that I was used for amusement
Couldn't see through the smoke, it was all an illusion
Now I've been lickin’ my wounds, but the venom seeps deeper
We both can seduce, but darlin’ you hold me prisoner
Oh, I'm about to break, I can't stop this ache
I'm addicted to your allure, and I'm fiendin' for a cure
Every step I take, leads to one mistake
I keep goin right back to the one thing that I need
I can't mend, this torn state I'm in getting nothing in return
What did I do to deserve the pain of this slow burn
Every time I try to grasp for air
I am smothered in despair it's never over, over
Seems I'll never wake from this nightmare
I let out a silent prayer
Inside I'm screaming, begging, pleading no more
Now what to do, my heart has been bruised, so sad but it's true
Each beat reminds me of you
Well I, I thought I knew you, thinkin' that you were true
Guess I, I couldn't trust called your bluff time is up
'Cause I've had enough
You were there by my side, always down for the ride
But your joy ride just came down in flames 'cause your greed sold me out in shame
After all of the stealing and cheating you probably think that I hold resentment for you
But uh uh, oh no, you're wrong
'Cause if it wasn't for all that you tried to do, I wouldn't know
Just how capable I am to pull through
So I wanna say thank you
Never saw it coming, all of your backstabbing
Just so you could cash in on a good thing before I'd realize your game
I heard you're going round playing the victim now
But don't even begin feeling I'm the one to blame
'Cause you dug your own grave
After all of the fights and the lies 'cause you're wanting to haunt me
How could this man I thought I knew
Turn out to be unjust so cruel
Could only see the good in you
Pretended not to see the truth
You tried to hide your lies, disguise yourself
Through living in denial
But in the end you'll see
He comes from a foreign place
An island far away
Intrigues me with every move
Til' I'm breathless, I'm helpless
Can't keep my cool
Steals my heart when he takes my hand
And we dance, to the rhythm of the band
I feel his finger tips, grip my hips
And I slip as we dip into a rare bliss
Reads the tattoo on his arm
He tells me, mami I need ya
And my heartbeat pumps so strong
He whispers te quiero, te quiero
I begin to give in with no hesitation
Can't help my infatuation
Skin the color of cinnamon
His eyes light up and I melt within
Feels so good it must be a sin
I can't stop what I started
He brings life to my fantasies
Sparks a passion inside of me
Finds the words when I can not speak
In the silence, his heartbeat is music to me
Caught between my mama's words
And what I feel inside
I'm wanting to explore his world
But a part of me wants to hide
Should I risk it, can't resist it
This has caught me by surprise
Should I, let him take me to Puerto Rico
I can't hold back no more
People ask if I'm in love with you
Because I'm sitting here with your picture
And smiling to myself
I'm kinda lost in my own thoughts of you
My heart speaks before my mind thinks through
And I blush as I say yes
What a feeling of vulnerability coming over me
And I'm feeling weak and I can't speak
Never thought I'd give in so willingly to a human being
With abilities to set me free
Free, make me be me
Makes me want to say
People ask why I'm in love with you
Well, let me start by saying
You got my heart by just being who you are
And what we got is between me and you
It doesn't matter about the money I make
Or what I do, or that I'm a, huh, a star
Unconditionally you're there for me
Undeniably you inspire me, spiritually, so sweet
This is meaningful, is incredible, pleasurable, unforgettable
The way I feel, so sweet
Makes me want to say
Its so amazing how something so sweet
Has come and rearranged my life
I've been kissed by destiny
Oh, heaven came and saved me
An angel was placed at my feet
This isn't ordinary, he's loving me for me
Tripped of all make up, no need for fancy clothes
No cover ups, push ups
With him, I don’t have to put on a show
He loves every freckle, every curve, every inch of my skin
Fulfilling me entirely, taking all of me in
He's real, he's honest, he's loving me for me
I just got something on my mind
It's impossible to love you
If you don't let me know what you're feeling
It's impossible for me to give you what you need
If you're always hidin' from me
I don't know what hurt you
I just, I wanna make it right
Cos boy I'm sick and tired of trying to read your mind
Impossible to make it easy
If you always tryin' to make it so damn hard
How can I, how can I give you all my love, baby
If you're always, always puttin' up your guard
This is not a circus
Don't you play me for a clown
How long can emotions keep on goin' up and down
I remember when it all first began
We were tight right from the start
It wasn't long before you came on strong
I played hard to get but I couldn't help
I gave up my ironing
You were thoughtful
Careful not to hurt the relationship
What happened to those days when
You used to be compassionate
Caring what I thought and said
So attentive gentleman
Now it's hard to turn your head away from the TV set
Taking me for granted lately
Frankly, it's gotta quit
Half the time I realise
I seem to give more than I get
Funny how things seem to change
After a few years commitment
I miss those nice massages
The long for closeness
The way you talk, how it turned me on
The thoughtfulness and the sweetest lips
Every day is so wonderful
Then suddenly it's hard to breathe.
Now and then I get insecure
From all the pain, I'm so ashamed.
To all your friends you're delirious,
So consumed in all your doom.
Trying hard to fill the emptiness.
The pieces gone, left the puzzle undone.
is that the way it is?
I can't believe what you did to me
Down on my knees and I need to break free
All these years, you violated me
I don't know why I can't feel inside
Trying to hide, can't make it all right
It's overkill, now I'm ready to fight
Feeling confined, like I'm being forced in
My vision's blurry and I'm lost in regrets
It's overload, and I'm out of control
Taking me down with all your mental abuse
I must say, gotta get you out of my head
So sick and tired of feeling so misused
Leaving the house another quarter to five
Slipped on my boots and I'm ready to ride
And I feel so high, I feel so alive
Slowly drifting into a peaceful breeze
Tongue tied, twisted are all my memories
Celebrating a fantasy come true
Packing all my bags finally on the move
As I'm driving I'm captured by the view
So much beauty, the road becomes my muse
The heat is rising and my hands surfs through the wind
Cool, calm, collected is a child that lies within
I turn up the radio
I'm feeling like I've never felt before
Turn down the memories of yesteryears and broken dreams
I'm free, finally free
Slowly drifting into a peaceful breeze
When they push, when they pull
Tell me can you hold on
When they say you should change
Can you lift your head high and stay strong
Will you give up, give in
When your heart's crying out "that is wrong"
Will you love you for you at the end of it all
Now in life there's gonna be times
When you're feeling low
And in your mind insecurity seems to take control
We start to look outside ourselves
For acceptance and approval
We keep forgetting that the one thing we should know is
The boy who wonders, is he good enough for them
Keep trying to please them all
But he just never seems to fit in
Then there's the girl who thinks she'll never ever be good enough for him
He's trying to change and
That's a game she'll never win
In life there will be times when you're feeling low
And in your mind insecurity seems to take control
We start to look outside ourselves
For acceptance and approval
We keep forgetting that one thing we should know is
In the mirror is where she comes
Face to face with her fears
Her own reflection now foreign to her
After all these years
All of her life she has tried to be
Something besides herself
Now time has passed and she's ended up
Someone else with regret
Find your road
Love will open every door
See in your hands the world is yours
Don't look back in the window, you'll find your way
Always know all the answers will unfold
Baby you pretend that things ain't what they seem
All this tension on titling just exactly what we should be
Now I don't mind us being some kind of casual thing
Listen all I want to do for now is have you come and take all of me, can
If you see me with a man
Understand that you can't question me
The feelings that you caught ain't my fault can't help your jealousy
If you can handle the fact that
What we have has got to be commitment free
Then we can keep this undercover lovin' comin', hidden' underneath the sheets
Underneath the sheets
We have a physical thing
We'll make love, but don't fall in love
Let me get mine, you get yours
Just enough so you get yours, and I get mine
No strings attached
I want your body, not your heart
Let me get mine, you get yours
It's explosive, speakers are pumping
Still jumping, six in the morning
Table dancing, glasses are crashing
No question, time for some action
Let's get open, cause a commotion
We're still going, eight in the morning
There's no stopping, we keep it popping
Hot rocking, everyone's talking
I keep my car looking like a crash dummy drove
My gear look like the bank got my money froze
I'm waiting for sister to act, like Lauryn Hill
Frankly, it's a rap, no bargain deals
I drive a four wheel ride with foreign wheels
Baby it's brick city, you heard of that
Dogs, let 'em out, women, let 'em in
Once upon a time there was a girl
In her early years she had to learn
How to grow up living in a war that she called home
Never know just where to turn for shelter from the storm
Hurt me to see the pain across my mother's face
Everytime my father's fist would put her in her place
Hearing all the yelling I would cry up in my room
Hoping it would be over soon
I often wonder why I carry all this guilt
When it's you that helped me put up all these walls I've built
Shadows stir at night through a crack in the door
The echo of a broken child screaming "please no more"
Daddy, don't you understand the damage you have done
To you it's just a memory, but for me it still lives on
It's not so easy to forget
All the lines you left along her neck
When I was thrown against cold stairs
And every day I'm afraid to come home
In fear of what I might see there
Oohhh, Yeah, Oooh Huh
I woke up this morning with a smile on my face
& Nobody's gonna bring me down today
Been feeling like nothings been going my way lately
So I decided right here and now that my outlooks gotta change
That's why I'm gonna say goodbye to all the tears I've cried
For everytime somebody hurt my pride
Feeling like they won't let me live life
Take the time to look at what is mine
I see every lesson completely
I thank God for what I got from above
I believe they can take anything from me
But they can't succeed in taking my inner peace
They can say all they wanna say about me
I never wanna dwell on my pain again
There's no use in reliving how I hurt back then
Remembering all of the hell I felt when I was running out of faith
Every step I vowed to take was towards a better day
Cos I'm about to say goodbye to every single lie
& All the fears I've held too long inside
Everytime I felt I could try
All the negativity I had inside
Whoa, & everytime I tried to be what they wanted from me
It never came naturally
So I ended up in misery, wasn't able to see
All the good around me
They wasted so much energy on what they thought of me
Simply just remembering to breathe
Don't be fooled by the rocks that I got
I'm still, I'm still Jenny from the block
Used to have a little, now I have a lot
I stayed grounded as the amounts roll in
I'm real, I thought I told you
It take hard work to cash checks
So don't be fooled by the rocks that I got they assets
You get back what you put out
Even if you take the good route
Can't count on the hood
After a while, you know who to blend with
My hips movin' oh so slow
Bar tab lookin like a car note
All I need is you here right by my side
Just put ya name on the dotted line
You set my soul at ease
Chased darkness out of view
Left your desperate spell on me
Say you feel it too, I know you do
I've got so much more to give
This can't die, I yearn to live
Pour yourself all over me
And I'll cherish every drop here on my knees
My mind fails to understand
What my heart tells me to do
And I'd give up all I have just to be with you
I've always been taught to win
And I never thought I'd fall
I’m at the mercy of a man
Now I only want to be right where you are.
In my life I've learned that heaven never waits no
Lets take this now before it's gone like yesterday
Cause when I'm with you there's nowhere else
That I would ever wanna be next to you
I'm breathing for the next second I can feel you
Loving me ... I'm gonna love
Every time you'r near baby
I get kinda crazy in my head for you
I don't know what to do
I get kinda shaky when they mention you
I just lose my cool
My friends tell me something has come over me
And I think I know what it is
Just the other night I saw you hanging
You were with your crew I was with mine too
You took me by surprise
When you turn and look me in my eyes
Boy you really blow my mind
There are times I swear I know you're here
When I forget about my fears
Feeling you my dear, watching over me
And my hope seeks
What the future will bring
When you wrap me in your wings
And I can see your face
Your kiss I still can taste
Not a memory erased
Oh, I see your star shining down on me
And I'd do anything if I could just be free
So take me where you are
Now baby there were times when selfishly
I'm wishing that you are here with me
So I can wipe the tears away from your eyes
And make you see that every night while you are dreaming
I'm here to guard you from a far
And anytime I feel alone
I close my eyes and dream
Where you and I can breathe together
We'll be dancing in the moonlight
It's all about the way you're feeling
Deep in your heart
When she let you go
I don't doubt you care
I believe that it tears you apart
Whatcha didn't know,
Someday you'll remember
Why did you fall for her?
Why did you say goodbye?
Don't let your broken heart keep forever mending
And miss out on love that is never ending
I don't wanna take advantage
And I know it's true that I can help undo the damage
All of the hurt that she did to you
You need someone you can talk to
Someone who feels the same about everything you do
And I could be the one to make you forget her
Boy I've been watchin you
And you've been watchin me
I know you want me baby
I'm gonna make you see that I'll give you what you need
I know the way ya feel, I’ll take ya higher baby
I want you here with me
Everything ya say, everything ya do
Makes me go crazy baby I want you
You have turned me on and that's the way it is
Nothing could be better than this
So now I'm here for you and you are here for me
I'm gonna show you boy that we were meant to be
I've never been so sure, and now I want you more
Why don't you give it up I'm gonna set you free now
Everything ya say, everything ya do
Makes me go crazy baby I want you
You have turned me on and that's the way it is
Nothing could be better than this
Last night I saw you hanging out with another girl
Tell me what that's all about
You used to be my world
Six days and seven nights
Since we decided to say goodbye
But I'm still feeling you
I can't get you outta my mind
I tried so hard to fight it
But I can't let you go, no way to deny it
Don't even fool yourself
She'll never take my place
Put her up back on the shelf
She'll never win this race
Through all the ups and downs
I was always there for you
And now you think about somebody else
No one could do you better
I'll wait here forever
She'll never take my place
No one could do the things I do
I bring the lovin outta you
Deep in your heart you know it's true
You know that you should be with me
I got the lovin that ya need
It's just the way it's gotta be
You know I treated you right
I know the things that you like
And this much I know for sure
Time when I was down and out
No lovin’ in my life
This angel came and brought a box
Took my dark and lonely days into the light
With his loving ways I gotta have him close to me
Each and every night
To give me that security
Of dreamin and delight
Love has got a grip on me, oh so tight
Hope he never lets go
Couldn't look me in the eye
He didn't make enough to take me out tonight
I beg him not to worry
Please don't turn away
I don't need a world of riches
I just need a little time with you
His lips are pure emotion
He smiles because he knows how much I love the way he makes me feel inside
He answers all my wishes
Who could ask for more?
Doesn't have to say I love you
When I see you there I'm so aware
Cause I don't deserve I don't come close
To understand baby the logic of your kind of trust
It amazes me that someone like you would care enough to believe
Even when I fall I get along
Cause our love is real baby
It's like salvation to my soul
Cause that's how it feels baby
It's a sacred thing that I keep close
And I know that I will be alright
And you'll heal it all
Sometimes I wake up in the dark of night
And in my mind there's a picture of you
I know someday this dream will come alive
So for now your shadow will do
I've never seen your face
But I know your in my heart
Maybe someday some place
I'll hold you in my arms
I lay my head down on a pillow of white
Your in the dark I am cradled in peace
No thoughts from yesterday to haunt me at night
No tears to dry, no sad memories
And now I'll safely keep
The strength that's in my soul
Until you come to me
Question: Tell me what you think about me
I buy my own diamonds and I buy my own rings
Only ring your cell-y when I'm feeling lonely
When it's all over please get up and leave
Question: Tell me how you feel about this
Try to control me boy you get dismissed
Pay my own fun, oh and I pay my own bills
Always 50/50 in relationships
Tell me how you feel about this
Who would I want if I would wanna live
I worked hard and sacrificed to get what I get
Ladies, it ain't easy being independent
How'd you like this knowledge that I brought
Bragging on that cash that he gave you is to front
If you're gonna brag make sure it's your money you flaunt
Depend on no-one else to give you what you want
I'm wishin' you the best
Pray that you are blessed
Bring much success, no stress, and lots of happiness
I'm not gon’ blast you on the radio
I'm not gon’ lie on you and your family
I'm not gon’ hate on you in the magazines
I'm not gon’ compromise my Christianity
You know I'm not gon’ diss you on the internet
Cause my mama taught me better than that
You gotta do much better if you gone dance with me tonight
You gotta work your jelly if you gone dance with me tonight
Read my lips carefully if you like what you see
Move, groove, prove you can hang with me
By the looks I got you shook up and scared of me
Hook up your seatbelt, it's time for takeoff
I'm about to break you off
H-town goin’ hard
Lead my hips, slap my thighs
Swing my hair, square my eyes
Lookin’ hot, smellin’ good
Groovin’ like I'm from the hood
Look over my shoulder, I blow you a kiss
Can you handle, handle this
I shake my jelly at every chance
When I whip with my hips you slip into a trance
I'm hoping you can handle all this jelly that I have
Now let's cut a rug while we scat some jazz
Shakin' that thang on that man, lookin' all stank and nasty
Swore you look cute girl in them dukes, booty all out lookin' trashy
You nasty girl, you nasty you trashy
You classless girl, you sleazy you freaky
Change don't come your way it will come back to you
Heels on her feet, swear she's in heat, flirtin' wit every man she sees
Her pants hangin' low, she never says no, everyone knows she's easy
Put some clothes on, you lookin' stank
What's your problem, you should be ashamed
It’s hard for women like me who try to have some integrity
You make it hard for girls like myself who respect themselves
You think you're cute, you think you're fine
You're always trying to steal my shine
Roll those eyes girl, twist them hips girl
Swing those hands all in the air
If you wonder why you never had a girlfriend, I think I made myself clear
Girl change your ways right now today
He walks in the club with love in his eyes
As he steps flock, flockin females by his side
Lookin scrumptious, even though he ain't trying
The finest thang that you ever did see
The sexy creation had his hat tilted to the side
Starin at me, had my nostrils open wide
Can't even vocalize what I visualize and my body paralyzed
Hey boy would you enjoy sittin' next to me in your corduroys?
I'm from Texas my girl is from Illinois
Where you from, can I come visit you sometimes?
My oh my you seem like husband material
Are you married cause you're very very extrordinary, kinda scary
I want your name in my vocabulary
Tell me your dreams and aspirations
Boy I'm lovin how you’re so unpredictable
My happiest moments weren't complete if you weren't by my side
You're my relation and connection to the sun
With you next to me, there's no darkness I can't overcome
You are my raindrops, I am the seed
With you and God, who's my sunlight, I'm blooming, grown so beautifully
Baby I'm so proud, proud to be your girl
You make the confusion go all away from this cold and misty world
I appreciate the love and dedication from you to me
Later on in my destiny I see myself having your child
I see myself being your wife and I see my whole future in your eyes
The thought of all my love for you, sometimes makes me wanna cry
Get this party started on a Saturday night
Everybody's waiting for me to arrive
Sendin' out the message to all of my friends
We'll be looking flashy in my Mercedes Benz
I got lot of style, check my gold diamond rings
I can go for miles if you know what I mean
I'm comin' up so you better get this party started
Pumping up the volume, breaking down to the beat
Cruisin' through the west side
We'll be checkin' the scene
Boulevard is freakin' as I'm comin' up fast
I'll be burnin' rubber, you'll be kissin' my ass
Pull up to the bumper, get out of the car
Making my connection as I enter the room
Everybody's chilling as I set up the groove
Pumpin' up the volume with this brand new beat
Everybody's dancing and they're dancing for me
I'm your operator, you can call anytime
I'll be your connection to the party line
Never win first place, I don't support the team
I can't take direction, and my socks are never clean
Teachers dated me, my parents hated me
I was always in a fight cuz I can't do nothin' right
Everyday I fight a war against the mirror
I can't take the person starin' back at me
I can't stay on your life support,
There's a shortage in the switch,
I can't stay on your morphine,
'Cause it's making me itch
I said I tried to call the nurse again
But she's being a little bitch,
I haven't moved from the spot where you left me
This must be a bad trip
All of the other pills, they were different
Maybe I should get some help
I might be the way everybody likes to say
I know what you're thinking about me
There might be a day you might have a certain way
There's a song I was listenin' to up all night
There's a voice I am hearin' sayin' its alright
When I'm happy, I'm sad, but everything is good
Its not that complicated I'm just misunderstood
There might be a day everything, it goes my way
Can't you think I know I'm superfly?
I might see the world in a world inside of you
Then I just might say goodbye
Momma please stop cryin, I can't stand the sound
Your pain is painful and its tearin' me down
I hear glasses breakin as I sit up in my bed
You fight about money, bout me and my brother
And this I come home to, this is my shelter
It ain't easy growin up in World War Three
Never knowin what love could be
Daddy please stop yellin, I can't stand the sound
Make mama stop cryin, cuz I need you around
He sat in her boudoir while she freshened up
Boy drank all that magnolia wine
On her black satin sheets
Is where he started to freak, yeah
We come through with the money and the garter belts
Let 'em know we 'bout that cake, straight out the gate
We independent women, some mistake us for whores
I'm saying, why spend mine when I can spend yours
Wear high heeled shoes, get love from the dudes
Four badass chicks from the Moulin Rouge
All my girls at the party
Look at that body , shakin' that thing
Got a nice package alright
Guess I'm gonna have to ride it tonight
I see you staring out the corner of my eye
You seem uneasy want to approach
But then something inside you grabs you says who am I
I know exactly cuz it happens with all the guys
Promise you won't even have an attitude
I'll let you sit right next to me
Don't join the list with all the other fools
I loved you endlessly,
When you weren't there for me.
So now it's time to leave
Just hit me with the truth,
Now, girl, you're more than welcome to.
So give me one good reason,
Baby, come on, I live for you and me
And now I really come to see,
Life would be much better once you're gone
I'm giving up, I know for sure
I don't wanna be the reason for your love no more
I'm checkin' out, I'm signin' off
I don't wanna be the loser and I've had enough
Every little thing I do never seems enough for you
You don't wanna lose it again
Baby, when you finally, get to love somebody
Check the mirror, lookin' fly
Round up the posse, jump in my ride
Radio rockin', hottest jam
Feel the rhythm, pump up the sound
Don't you know, I'm just groovin' to the beat
Yo some people say my solo is impossible
But when I get up on the mic, yo, I'm unstoppable
And it's probable when ya hear our voices laid down
You'll be boppin' your head to this ill tight sound
Now I know you thought you had me played
On the floor, rockin' to the beat
All ways, sure looks sweet
Fine young lady, standin' by
Come on baby, sweet eye delight
I love the way that you move
Said, you look so sweet
When you're movin' to the beat
I'm tired all these boring parties, baby
Why don't we get on down, let's get on down
When the visions around you bring tears to your eyes
And all that surround you are secrets and lies
I'll be your strength,
I'll give you hope,
Keeping your faith when it's gone
The one you should call,
Was standing here all along
I've loved you forever,
In lifetimes before
And I promise you never...
You will not hurt anymore
I give you my word
I give you my heart
This is a battle we've won
And with this vow forever has now begun
I see the things he does to you
All the pain that he puts you through
And I see what's really going on
Staying out at night while you're by the phone
He doesn't give you the kind of attention
His eyes wander 'round
He doesn't see you like I see
That's when I'll stop loving you
I'm sure you've heard these words before
And I know it's hard for you to trust them once more
You're afraid it all might end
And a broken heart is scared of breaking again
But you've gotta believe me, I’ll never leave you
You'll never cry long as I am there
And I will always be there
You will never be without love
As long as sunlight lights the sky
Light of love will be found in these eyes of mine
And when this world doesn't turn anymore
When the stars all decide to stop shining
Til then I'm gonna to be by your side
Gonna be loving you forever every day of my life
I know you're hearts anticipating
And my love is on your mind
Well don't you worry I won't keep you waiting
Cause I ain't ever seen a lady so fine yeah
I know you want me too
It's in your eyes they say you do
They're telling me you'll open your heart to me yeah
Cause if you want me to
I'll sacrifice my world for you
I’ll show you the way love’s supposed to be yeah
Now I know you think I must be faking
I promised all these things right from the start
So don't you rush into decision making
Cause I just wrote this song to tell you my heart
Girl there's nothing I won't do
To make you see that this is where you should be
Cause baby we can do, anything you wanna do
Girl I wanna be a part of your fantasy
She was my once in a lifetime
She was my happy ending come true
Oh I guess I should have told her
But I thought she knew
She said I took her for granted
Last thing I would do
Oh I'll never understand it
'Cause I thought she knew
A heart full of words left unspoken
Now that we're through
I'd sell my soul to have this silence broken
Oh I thought she knew
She was my once in a lifetime
Oh I guess I should have told her
